Hardware:
Kickpi KP1 https://www.amazon.com/KICKPI-KP1-Android-TV-Chromecast/dp/B0DP63RJK9
Audio interface such as https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CHX3QPMT
A TV or other output device such as a projector

You can do the scrcpy steps with a mouse instead of via scrcpy

NOTE that this particular hardware proved reliable in testing with two big caveats:
1. If it doesn't receive transcribable sound for a couple of hours, it will go into a zombie state where it shows that it's receiving audio and still flags the 'clapping' 'laughter' etc indicators but no longer puts transcribed text to the screen. Use the Home button, wait 30s, then launch transcription again to fix this, or restart and start again if it gets really grouchy.
2. For some reason when the USB audio interface is connected you cannot use the other USB port. The USB port closer to the front proved more reliable overall in extended testing.


Software prerequisites: the set of files, adb, scrcpy installed

On the Android TV device

Set up with wireless network
Sign in with temporary caption account (we use caption@seattlein2025.org)
Accept terms of service
Turn off Use Location and Help Improve Android
Answer the Assistant questions No Thanks, No, No.
Name the device the default
Continue to install forced apps. They will be disabled later
Accept necessary cookies
Not now for remote setup
From home screen go to Settings, Device Preferences, About
Note the IP from the Status page, go back to the About menu
Select the Android TV OS build seven times, go back to the Device Preferences
Go to Developer Options, enable USB Debugging

Next steps are from the PC

adb connect <IP ADDRESS FROM ABOVE>
This will fail. Allow it using the remote and the connection will be successful without any more messages in the command prompt
.\install.bat
Batch file will install some apps, then pause. After the pause it will reboot the Android TV device
If a Google service updates during the install, you need to stop the install and rerun it, as the current install will stop

Back on the Android TV device

After the device has rebooted it will prompt you to Allow the USB debugging again
It will ask for a primary account. Remove all accounts. You are really sure

PC:

Run cleanup.bat

ATV:

Dismiss the ad which has likely appeared
Add the Live Transcript and tvQuickActions apps to the launcher
Select the Live Transcript app
Allow audio recording while using the app

PC:

configure.bat or scrcpy -m480
Settings gear in the lower left
Set the text size to maximum
More settings
Microphone, confirm that the CAD device shows in the list. You may need to allow local device enumeration. If it does not, move to another USB port to confirm it works in one of the ports
Leave the setting on auto, back to More Settings
Primary Language, download any languages that you may need
Exit the settings back to transcription
Confirm transcription by saying something

ATV:

Home button on the remote
Settings, Network and Internet
Disable Wi-Fi
Back to Device Preferences, Developer Options
Disable USB Debugging, disable Developer Options
Press Home twice
Launch tvQuickActions
Continue until you allow show overlay, allow the app
Not now on Disable Battery Optimization
Agree to start Accessibility Service, Device Preferences, Accessibility, turn on tvQuickActions service
Back into tvQuickActions, Buttons, Add Button
Press Prime Video button (should be NES_SHORTCUT_02)
Set Button UP to Live Transcript app
Set Button DOWN to Action, Power Dialog
Press Prime Video button, down, Restart to confirm that app is working properly
After Restart, press Prime Video button, up, select to launch Live Transcript
Confirm transcription works, says it is offline
Press Prime Video button, down, Power Off to shut down device
